With the powerful development of informational technologies in worldwide, The main advantage of this library is supporting a bunch of different web-protocols such as HTTP, HTTPS, FTP, FTPS, DICT, GOPHIS and SSL certificate(CURL Documentation,n.d). From the other advantages of this library it’s important to highlight the high speed of downloading necessary information in developer’s console, which process the HTML code Library TinyXML analyzes and parsers the XML document and builds Document Object Model that can be read, modified and saved. In dedication to economic sector theme it will save all necessary information in order to further calculation in continuous time models of market This library creates the console application to adjust the non-working hypertext markup language document, and searching for potential mistakes and errors in web-access. It enhances the layout and appearance of resulting layout created earlier in TinyXML library The essence of this approach consists in development potential modern system dedicated to the building forecast in foreign exchange market and make the work on other economic markets easier, by the way of combination of parsing information and further mathematical calculations Jim Brown.FOREX TRADING The Basics Explained in Simple Terms. 2011. pp. 28-30,References and Notes are numbered in the order in which they are cited, first through the text, then through the figure and table legends and finally through Supplementary Materials. Place citation numbers for references and notes within parentheses, italicized: (18, 19) (18-20) (18, 20-22). There should be only one reference list covering citations in the paper and Supplementary Materials. We will include the full reference list online, but references found only in the Supplementary Materials will be suppressed in print. Each reference should have a unique number; do not combine references or embed references in notes. Any references to in-press manuscripts at the time of submission should be given a number in the text and placed, in correct sequence, in the references and notes. We do not allow citation to personal communications, and unpublished or “in press” references are not allowed at the time of publication. We do allow citations to papers posted at arXiv or bioRxiv. Do not use op. cit., ibid., or et al. (in place of the complete list of authors' names). Notes should be used for information aimed at the specialist (e.g., procedures) or to provide definitions or further information to the general reader that are not essential to the data or arguments. Notes can cite other references (by number). Journal article references should be complete, including the full list of authors, the full titles, and the inclusive pagination. Titles are displayed in the online HTML version, but not in the print or the PDF versions of papers. See Science Citation Style below for details of citation style.Acknowledgments should be gathered into a paragraph after the final numbered reference. This section should start by acknowledging non-author contributions, and then should provide information under the following headings Funding: include complete funding information; Authors contributions: a complete list of contributions to the paper (we encourage you to follow the CRediT model), Competing interests: competing interests of any of the authors must be listed (all authors must also fill out the Conflict of Interest form). Where authors have no competing interests, this should also be declared. Data and materials availability: Any restrictions on materials such as MTAs. Accession numbers to any data relating to the paper and deposited in a public database. If all data is in the paper and supplementary materials include the sentence “all data is available in the manuscript or the supplementary materials.” (All data, code, and materials used in the analysis must be available to any researcher for purposes of reproducing or extending the analysis.)Main Text is not divided into sub-headings for Reports. Subheadings are used only in Research Articles, and Reviews. Use descriptive clauses, not full sentences. Two levels of subheadings may be used if warranted; please distinguish them clearly. The manuscript should start with a brief introduction describing the paper’s significance. The introduction should provide sufficient background information to make the article intelligible to readers in other disciplines, and sufficient context that the significance of the experimental findings is clear. Technical terms should be defined. Symbols, abbreviations, and acronyms should be defined the first time they are used. All tables and figures should be cited in numerical order. All data must be shown either in the main text or in the Supplementary Materials or must be available in an established database with accession details provided in the acknowledgements section. References to unpublished materials are not allowed to substantiate significant conclusions of the paper Abstracts of Research Articles and Reports should explain to the general reader why the research was done, what was found and why the results are important. They should start with some brief BACKGROUND information: a sentence giving a broad introduction to the field comprehensible to the general reader, and then a sentence of more detailed background specific to your study. This should be followed by an explanation of the OBJECTIVES/METHODS and then the RESULTS. The final sentence should outline the main CONCLUSIONS of the study, in terms that will be comprehensible to all our readers. The Abstract is distinct from the main body of the text, and thus should not be the only source of background information critical to understanding the manuscript. Please do not include citations or abbreviations in the Abstract. The abstract should be 125 words or less. For Perspectives and Policy Forums please include a one-sentence abstract Materials and Methods: The materials and methods section should provide sufficient information to allow replication of the study. It should be cited at relevant points in the text using a citation number that refers to a note in the reference list that reads “Materials and methods are available as supplementary materials at the Science website.” Study design should be described in detail and descriptions of reagents and equipment should facilitate replication (for example source and purity of reagents should be specified, there should be evidence that antibodies have been validated, and cell lines should be authenticated). Clinical and preclinical studies should include a section titled Experimental Design at the beginning of materials and methods in which the objectives and design of the study, as well as prespecified components, are described. Statistical methods must be described with enough detail to enable a knowledgeable reader with access to the original data to verify the results. The values for N, P, and the specific statistical test performed for each experiment should be included in the appropriate figure legend or main text.  Please see our editorial policies for additional guidelines for specific types of studies as well as further details on reporting of statistical analysis. For papers in the life sciences that involve a method that would benefit from the publication of a step-by-step protocol, we encourage authors to consider submitting a detailed protocol to our collaborative partner Bio-protocol Supplementary Text: Additional information regarding control or supplemental experiments, field sites, observations, hypotheses, etc., that bear directly on the arguments of the print paper. Further discussion or development of arguments beyond those in the main text is not permitted in supplementary text. This can be referred to in the main text as “supplementary text” with no reference note required. Figures: Figures that cannot be accommodated in the print version but that are integral to the paper’s arguments. Figures should meet the same standards as print figures. See below These are numbered starting at 1, with the prefix S (eg Fig S1) All figures should be called out in the main text, No reference note is required.Both at initial submission, and at the revision stage, authors should submit the supplementary sections, materials and methods, text, tables and figures, as a single docx or PDF file that should not exceed 25 MB. For ease of reading, the text and tables should be single spaced; figures should be individually numbered, and each figure should have its legend on the page on which the figure appears, immediately beneath the figure. Supplementary multimedia or large data files that cannot be included in the Supplementary Materials file should be uploaded as Auxiliary Supplementary Materials or Movies. There is a 25 MB combined size limit on auxiliary or movie files and a limit of 10 auxiliary or movie files. Video clips should be in .mp4 format. Quicktime (.mov) files are acceptable provided the h.264 compression setting is used. Where possible please use HD frame size (1920x1080 pixels). Animated GIFs are not accepted. For audio files, WAV AIFF, AU or .m4a are preferred. MP3 or AAC files are acceptable but a bit rate of at least 160kb/s must be used. Authors should submit video and audio with clearly identifiable accompanying captions and credit information. If you have files essential to the evaluation of your manuscript that exceed these limits, please contact submit_help@aaas.org . See Submitting your manuscript for further details on how to submit. 
